# **CA326 safe browsing**

## **Description**
 The purpose of this project was to create an app that would allow a user to control the internet access of all devices connected to the internet on the same network. We realised that while the internet is an amazing tool it can also be a dangerous place especially for young children and our aim was to ideally give parents but can also be used by anyone, a tool to monitor and control the people on their network's internet access. We would do this by having a squid proxy running on a raspberry pi in the home, the proxy would work as an intermediary between a user and a web server. This would allow us to see a user's activity such as what domains they are being visited, who is visiting them and when they are visiting them. We can then use this information to deny users access to certain websites by having squid work with a blacklist file and if a request for a domain is sent through the proxy that is contained in the blacklist file it will be denied and the user will be met with a page explaining so instead of the webpage they were looking for. We were also interested in having different rules for each user that is connected to the proxy as we knew that each home would have users of different ages that may be trusted more than others. So to achieve this each user would have their own account with their details stored on the pi, and when they opened up a for example google chrome they would be prompted to enter these details. Now each user as well as being restricted by the network wide blacklist could also be restricted by their individual blacklist. We then saw the opportunity to set time limits on individual users to restrict their internet access completely outside of specific set times so that if they were to attempt to use the internet outside of these times the proxy would deny them. All these commands can be used on the android application along with seeing all users and a users logs of what websites they have visited and how many times they have visited the website. This was done using JSch, that would allow us to use java to connect to an SSH server on the pi and execute these commands. This will allow parental users to see if inappropriate sites or certain sites are being visited too much and control them as they wish.

## **members**: 
Aaron Crawford - 20336753 Ciaran Skelly - 20324213

## **Supervisor**:
 Darragh O'Brien
